Signature should accept a pointer to a constant char (#879)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-c: sdk/docs/core/README.md

### Strings

> A string is a span of UTF-8 characters. It's not a zero-terminated string. Defined in [inc/az_span.h](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-c/blob/master/sdk/inc/az_span.h).

Reviewer: Given we already use absolute paths in this file, this change makes sense.

However, it is the opposite of making the links relative so they work on any branch (that @danewalton's did in https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-c/pull/853).

**Question:** Do we want to keep the full/absolute path or go with relative paths?

Something like:
```suggestion
A string is a span of UTF-8 characters. It's not a zero-terminated string. Defined in [inc/az_span.h](../../inc/azure/core/az_span.h).
```
